---
title: First Instructor-Team Meeting
date: 2019-09-19
---

## The Team


Members:

- Peter Deutsch
- Muchen He
- Authur Hsueh
- Wilson Wang
- Ardell Wilson

Point of contact for client and instructor: **Peter Deutsch**

Designated note taker: **Muchen He**

## Weekly Status Report

This is the form of the weekly status reports. Because the project is open-source, our weekly status report will be published to our team website: <https://capstone-skynet.github.io/posts>.

For each weekly status report, we will categorize the progress into categories and our team members will elaborate the deltas in more detail.

## Project Management

We are using scrum/agile methodology to manage our project. The required to-dos are listed as cards on our Trello board: <https://trello.com/b/SvxPAhTo/capstone-2019-2020>.

Our scrum board consists of:

- **Backlog** for a list of un-triaged tasks that need to be eventually completed
- **Epic** is a list of "large", less-specific, and generally difficult to quantify to-dos. We use cards in this list as reference to create smaller, more specific and measureable tasks.
- **Triaged** list is a list of cards that have been assigned priorities for the next week or two weeks. 
- **In progress** list contains all the tasks that's currently being looked into. Tasks in this list should have a due date assigned.
- **Done** for finished tasks.

Each card have labels which indicate their category. The labels also show the priority.

- P0: urgent (should be done by the end of the day)
- P1: top priority (should be the first thing worked on)
- P2: medium (time for this task should be considered but is not critical for the current sprint)
- P3: low/backburner (usually for optional tasks or extra-features).

We will keep the tasks small and measurable such that progress can be better tracked.

## Client

Our Client is Dr. Mieszko Lis from ECE and the UBC SoC labs. A Skype meeting is setup next Tuesday at 16:00 PST to discuss project scope and requrements.

## Progress in Project Scope

We started drafting project scope, requirement, and other potential considerations during our weekly team meeting on Tuesday afternoons.

Meeting notes for the week of Sept. 16th here: <https://capstone-skynet.github.io/notes/2019/09/17/team-meeting>

### Learning Machine Learning

We have assigned homework for everyone: [Trello](https://trello.com/b/SvxPAhTo/capstone-2019-2020) to read up on the articles provided. A checklist of learning objectives are also added to the Trello board.

Some of the topics covered may not be relevant. We have to wait for meeting with Mieszko.