---
title: Weekly Status Report
date: 2019-10-24
author: Muchen He, Peter Deutsch
---

### Camera

 *Peter, Wilson*

- Researched utilization of Camera x DE1-SoC from student project (CPEN 391).
- From reading through documentation and speaking with instructor, the video throughput is inadequate for demo purposes.
- Peter will consult with masters students in the FPGA group to see what cameras they've used in the past.

### Parts List and Purchasing

*Muchen, Arthur*

- Preliminary parts list for drone construction underway.
- Meeting with client next week to get more requirements in detail so that we make better decision with specs, parts, etc.

### UAS

*Ardell*

- Continued exchange with the UAS/drone team --- they have not been very responsive.

### Risks

Unchanged





> ### Meeting Notes
>
> Give a date for a specific requirement / vision. If the decision or resource is not provided by a date specified by *us*, then we assume a decision.
>
> We set the timeline to getting the information.
>
> Duty to inform: if the client is off-track, as engineers, we need to inform the client about what’s wrong or what potential opportunities.
>
> Create a plan B: what happens if client cannot provide the resources?
>
> - Put Mieszko on our Trello card
>
> Start “driving the bus” on our own.
>
> Get more information from the client regarding ethical risks.
>
> Shop training: 
>
> ### Cutting
>
> There is too much to do as a project. We need to consider what aspect to cut from the project. Or change the project scope significantly. 

